Forget it, Mr. Gu hates uncertain things the most
Let's investigate it first
Our company is going out of business
I'm going to eat bran throat vegetables at home
You're having a good time, aren't you?
What happened to the company again?
You have the nerve to ask
If you hadn't divorced Zhao Tingchuan
Is he going to start with the company?
How could he possibly move our company?
Mom, don't listen to the wind all day long, it's rain
What Xue Wei said can be wrong
It's him again
Who will die if he doesn't find anyone day by day?
You shut up
Who allowed you to say that about your sister?
Mom
You've only protected him since you were a child. Why?
Stop talking nonsense
Now you and Zhao Pingchuan are divorced
It's impossible for you to persuade him to stop
I heard you got half of his estate
Can be taken out to save us
Without you, you still won't give the money, right?
Mom, I said I really don't have any money
You go out first
Really a white-eyed wolf
I have raised you for so many years in vain
Well, in that case, don't blame me.